With my meager virtue
I have reigned for 27 years
Worries accumulated in my heart, working diligently without rest
Fearing I would fail the ancestral foundation
Now the realm is settled
The divine land recovered
I am gravely ill
And cannot rise
This is the natural way of life and death
Unavoidable for all people, past and present
You need not lament
Marquis of Yongning Xie Xuan
Pillar of the state, loyalty shines like sun and moon
In the future, he may be the first among your advisors
The succession has found the right person
The ancestral temple and people have someone to rely on
Though I depart this world
What regrets do I have?